.\" git-su.1 - man page for git-su
.TH GIT\-SU 1
.SH NAME
git-su \- manage Git users, switch between users, pair programming
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git su
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fIuser\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBgit-su\fR helps you manage your Git user identity:
.IP \(bu 2
See which user Git will use to commit
.IP \(bu 2
Switch between Git users quickly
.IP \(bu 2
Keep a list of users and switch by initials or name
.IP \(bu 2
Switch to multiple users at once (pairing)
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-t ", " \-\-list
List the configured users (stored in \fI~/.git-su\fR).
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-clear
Clear the current user. If a scope (\fB\-\-local\fR, \fB\-\-global\fR, or \fB\-\-system\fR) is given, only that scope is cleared.
.TP
.BR \-a ", " \-\-add " \fIUSER\fR"
Add a user. Use the format "Jane Doe <jane@example.com>". You can then switch by initials, e.g. \fBgit su jd\fR.
.TP
.BR \-e ", " \-\-edit
Open the Gitsu user list (\fI~/.git-su\fR) in your editor (same as Git config editor).
.TP
.BR \-l ", " \-\-local
Use local scope (current repository).
.TP
.BR \-g ", " \-\-global
Use global scope (current user).
.TP
.BR \-s ", " \-\-system
Use system scope.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Show help.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Show version.
.SH CONFIGURATION
Set with \fBgit config\fR or in Git config files:
.TP
.B gitsu.defaultSelectScope
One of \fBlocal\fR, \fBglobal\fR, or \fBsystem\fR. Default scope when switching. Default is \fBlocal\fR.
.TP
.B gitsu.groupEmailAddress
Group email for pairing; e.g. \fBdev@example.com\fR. Pairing emails look like \fIdev+jane+bob@example.com\fR.
.TP
.B color.ui
If set (e.g. \fBtrue\fR), output is colored like Git.
.SH FILES
\fI~/.git-su\fR \- User list in TOML format; each entry has \fIname\fR and \fIemail\fR under \fB[[user]]\fR
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Show current user in all scopes
.EX
git su
.EE
.TP
Add a user and switch by initials
.EX
git su \-\-add 'Bob Smith <bob@example.com>'
git su bob
.EE
.TP
Switch in a specific scope
.EX
git su jane \-\-system
.EE
.TP
Pair (two users in one identity)
.EX
git su jane bob
.EE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR git (1),
.BR git-config (1)
